## What are some appropriate uses of power at work?
	- Championing those who may need it
	- Protecting the teams
	- Providing time and freedom for growth and experimentation
	- fostering a safe environment
	- reward mentorship
	- Reward the team, not the individual
	- Improving transparency & visibility
	- fostering healthy incentive structures
	- Bringing in other perspectives
	- Fostering (anonymous) discussions & conversation
	- Leading by example
	- Stepping away and Let the team/individual take credit
	- Public praise
	- Private palback (constructive and respectful)
- ## ARE THERE TYPICAL BEHAVIOURS YOU ASSOCIATE WITH A SEXIST WORKPLACE? WHAT IS A COUNTER- MOVE?
	- CONSULTANT POWER AS A COUNTER- MOVE (OUTSIIE AUTHORITY PATTERN)
	- USE YOUR AUTHORITY (IF YOU HAVE IT) TO ASK WOMEN
	- BE AWARE
	- POINT IT (SEXIST BEHAVIOUR) OUT IN PRIVATE CONVERSATIONS
		- Fearless change patterns
	- Polite warning, private sanction
	- Connect + build a community to:
		- tackle issues
		- prevent damage
		- support each other
		- **generative pattern**
- ## CONSIDER A TIME WHEN YOU FET WELL SUrPORTED AT WORK.
  WHAT HAPPENED?
  WHAT WAS MADE POSSIBLE?
	- ICEBREAKERS
	- TRAINING SESSIONS
	- ideas x hierarchy
	- drinking party to bring people in
	- give to new people opportunities to talk
	- not do iniciatives in an artificial Way
	- WORK
	  I TSELF
	  SHOULD BE 
	  COLLABORATIVE
	- PASTORAL
	  CARE
	- UNDERS TANDING
	  THAT WE
	  ALL HAVE OUR OWN PROBLEMS
	- recognize people that were important to your story
		- [[Give credit where it's due]]
	- guide and support Students being open to talk
	- Workshops to discuss imporlant topies
		- [[Create Space for Dialogue]]
- ## CONSIDER A TIME WHEN SOMEONE BUILT POWER WITH YOU, RATHER THAN EXERTED IT OVER YOU
  WHAT HAPPENED?
	- Allies amplifying and intervening for you
		- [[Stick your neck out]]
		- [[What she said]]
	- Understanding that Patriarchy exists, but collaborate in a meaningful manner. Giving voices to different ideas even if it's not your own.
	- Compromise
	- Healthy Contlict
	- Good Communication.
	- Say thanks
		- [[Say thanks]]
	-
	-